Rewrite the Quadlet documentation (#27058)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/opt.md

####> If file is edited, make sure the changes
####> are applicable to all of those.
<< if is_quadlet >>
### `Options=option`
<< else >>
#### **--opt**, **-o**=*option*
<< endif >>

Set driver specific options.

All drivers accept the `mtu`, `metric`, `no_default_route` and options.

- `mtu`: Sets the Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) and takes an integer value.
- `metric` Sets the Route Metric for the default route created in every container joined to this network. Accepts a positive integer value. Can only be used with the Netavark network backend.
- `no_default_route`: If set to 1, Podman will not automatically add a default route to subnets. Routes can still be added
manually by creating a custom route using `--route`.

Additionally the `bridge` driver supports the following options:

- `vlan`: This option assigns a VLAN tag and enables vlan\_filtering. Defaults to none.
- `isolate`: This option isolates networks by blocking traffic between those that have this option enabled.
- `com.docker.network.bridge.name`: This option assigns the given name to the created Linux Bridge
- `com.docker.network.driver.mtu`: Sets the Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) and takes an integer value.

> - `vrf`: This option assigns a VRF to the bridge interface. It accepts the name of the VRF and defaults to none. Can only be used with the Netavark network backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vrf`: This option assigns a Virtual routing and forwarding (VRF) routing table to the bridge interface. It accepts the VRF name and defaults to none. Can only be used with the Netavark network backend.
```
I think?
